Add missing meta descriptions (#180)
mongodb/docs-rust: source/usage-examples/findOne.txt

.. meta::
   :keywords: first, retrieve, code example

>    :description: Retrieve a single document from a collection using the `find_one()` method in Rust, with options for asynchronous or synchronous execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Retrieve a single document from a collection with the MongoDB Rust Driver, with options for asynchronous or synchronous execution.
```
